Kitsune: Teleporting enemy

-1 HP (or more. up for discussion)
-Hurt by projectiles from both front and back
-Starts in a single location, teleporting when the player gets near
-If it teleports into player, the player will be hurt.

Looks:

	A bipedial, humanoid fox in a traditional japanese kimono. Gender is up to artists It has the face and head of a fox, but is in the shape of a human,
	similar to how Anubis is a bipedial jackal with a human shaped body. The color of the kimono corresponds to the type of weapon it throws. 
	Red kimono for ones that throw regular kunai, and orange/black for ones that throw bombs. 
	
Behavior Overview:
	It starts in a singular location. When the player gets near it (i.e. the player can see it on screen), it instantly teleports to a random 
	location on the same horizontal plane as the player on the player's screen. After arriving at it's new location, it will pause for a fraction of a second
	(exact time to be determined) and throw 3 of a projectile, depending on what color it's kimono is. Red kimono'd Kitsune throw regular kunai, 
	while orange/black kimono'd kitsune throw bombs. After throwing it's projectile, it will teleport horizontally to a new location on the player's 
	screen and start the cycle over again.

Behavior Notes:
	It will never teleport into a pit, off the edge of a cliff, or in a space that is already occupied by a fellow
	enemy. It will only teleport into spaces that it can stand on (a platform, the ground, etc). If there is no spot on the same horizontal plane as the 
	player that it can stand on, then it will teleport to another random location on the player's screen
	However, if it teleports into the player, the player is knocked back and takes 1 damage. All its projectiles do
	1 damage. They share the same color scheme as their corresponding ninja. It's attacks do not hurt other enemies,
	only the player. When it throws a projectile, the projectile will go through enemies until it reaches a player or hits a wall.
	this is to prevent the player from using other enemies as "meat shields". Finally, it will never teleport farther than a certain distance away from it's
	original location (distance to be determined).